has your company been through massive
layoff and restructuring lately are you
looking to revitalize your marketing
Outreach if so this short video is for
you hey Pam here I created a 90-day
Revenue reboot program to help some of
my clients restart their stall marketing
efforts after massive head count and the
budget reduction I would like to share
with you what I did with my clients so
you can DIY your own version of the
90day revenue reboot so let's get
started number one set of a clear scope
you have 90 days that's it to show
marketing can provide Revenue impact the
best way to do that is Le generation or
stay very closely with sales if you do
Legend Define your nql clearly make sure
less is more and you can get high
quality mql when I say less is more is
like less in terms of mql but focus on
high quality of it personally I would
stay close to sales find out what their
needs are and then support them to close
deals
faster the out factor to scope the your
90day Revenue reboot is to look at your
budget and the head count your budget
will shape your
scope marketing is not free it costs
money so don't overcome commit be
realistic about what you can achieve in
90 days with your finite budgets you
have gather as much information is
possible such as Revenue goals sales
needs and your marketing
arsenals number two assess and analyze
and this part is actually part of step
one but I defined it as a step two you
can see they are interrelated and let me
share that with you part of setting up
the scope is to think you have to think
pretty hard about goals and objectives
then analyze the data pulling data from
various sources for marketing
assessments and competitive analysis is
incredibly mundane sometimes also timec
consuming and
frustrating occasionally you'll feel
that you've being let down the different
rabbit holes and you are facing the
overwhelming feeling of analysis
paralysis I've been there many times so
if that happens you need to remind
yourself why you need the data at some
point you will need to make a call based
on the limited information that you have
so for example based on the past
campaigns what content and channels work
well what should you focus on based on
your conversation with Sals what are
their top two or three priorities what
can we do to help them start with these
two questions assess and analyze to find
answers number three craft a plan with
the key mil stars and
deliverables create your plan less than
10 slides I'm serious it's only 90 days
you need to be very focused on what
you'll do so what are one or two
marketing campaigns that you'll run to
drive conversions what are one or two
things you will do to support sales The
crucial part of the 90day effort is to
articulate the plans so well that you
get buying or green lights from your
leadership team straight away okay so
it's very clear to them what you are
going to accomplish don't waste time on
the lengthy deck focus on what you'll do
with the key deliverables that's it
number four build execution and adjust
as you see
fit once a plan is approved it's
showtime
aha execute based on the plan you put
together remember a solid plan doesn't
necessarily mean a smooth and easy
execution seriously it only means that
you know your North Star a good plans
provide a sense of clarity but you know
why digital marketing execution in the
context of media by email Outreach
events social media it's just never easy
it hinges on your modex stack and the
quality of your customer data during
execution you also need to be agile and
flexible to adjust the processes based
on what you
have vetting the customer data is also
very very important is something that
all the B2B marketers including myself
tend to ignore it but it's very
important step to vet your customer data
don't skip that number five closely
monitor the kpis key performance
indicators in this phase you need to
make sure process it's very important a
process is set up to measure the
successes you need to set up a process
to do that okay kpi they don't just
appear magically they don't right if
it's a manual process so be it if you
can get a process automated to scale
your success that will be excellent so
make sure that when you are looking and
tracking your kpi there's a process in
place DIY is great but if you need help
a 90day marketing reboot is a lot of
work right there a lot of moving
pieces many things may go wrong it's
okay to take a deep
breath and let it
be so the results sometimes based on my
experience working with a lot of clients
you know the results are not what we
expect that's okay be very transparent
about that the key is to provide regular
updates to the sales team and the
management and let them know you are on
top of it help them connected thoughts
from strategies write down to Creative
Concepts copywriting even just where you
place your contact sales button on your
website if they care to
know marketing success is the sum of all
parts a revenue REO should happen one
step at a
time I share the DIY approach with you
if you need a hand to work with you on
your Revenue REO reach out to me anytime
I can help you to scope it and also
facilitate a working session I can also
help you to tackle everything from the
front end to the back end one by one I
will also create a tracking report so
you can update your management and the
sales team every two weeks don't feel
like you need to do this alone get
support you need to get started to show
others your value ad and what you can do
for your company all right take care
bye